Mike Repole has had a pretty good winter. St. John&rsquo;s, his alma mater, is inching closer to a berth in the N.C.A.A. men&rsquo;s basketball tournament for the first time since 2002. His racehorse Uncle Mo is the early favorite to win the Kentucky Derby . His beloved Mets have started spring training. Repole, after all, is the latest in what has
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. &mdash; The 10th anniversary of the fatal crash of Dale Earnhardt at Daytona International Speedway will pass Friday without an official tribute as a lower-level Camping World Series truck race is held at the track. But Earnhardt, a seven-time Nascar Cup champion, will be honored Sunday during the season-opening Daytona 500. On
Joel Northrup refused to compete against a girl at the Iowa state tournament in Des Moines, relinquishing any chance of becoming a champion because he said wrestling a girl would conflict with his religious beliefs. Northrup, a home-schooled sophomore who was 35-4 wrestling for Linn-Mar High School, defaulted his first-round match in the 112-pound
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. &mdash; The Danica Patrick Nascar experiment enters its second season on Saturday at Daytona International Speedway, with expectations tempered but hopes raised. Patrick, 28, the only woman to win a race in the IndyCar Series, will compete in Nascar&rsquo;s Drive4copd 300, a lower-level Nationwide Series race that runs the day
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. &mdash; Kurt Busch declared himself the favorite for Sunday&rsquo;s Daytona 500, and it was hard to argue after he won the first of two 150-mile qualifying races Thursday at Daytona International Speedway. Busch is 2 for 2 at Daytona this month, having captured the exhibition Budweiser Shootout last Saturday. So far, no one has
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &mdash; While their players stretched and exercised in advance of their first official workout of the 2011 season, the owners of the Mets stood nearby on an artificial turf field and discussed the troubling issues that could jeopardize their very ownership of the team. Fred Wilpon , the principal owner of the team, spoke to
Joe Frazier, the manager of the Mets in the turbulent period between the tenures of Yogi Berra and Joe Torre , died Tuesday in Broken Arrow, Okla. He was 88 and a longtime Broken Arrow resident. His death was confirmed by the Christian-Gavlik Funeral Home in Broken Arrow. Frazier, who spent almost a half-century in organized baseball, primarily as
PHOENIX &mdash; It was Don Mattingly &rsquo;s opening news conference at his first spring training as the Dodgers &rsquo; manager, and a seat at the head of a picnic table was reserved for him. Mattingly demurred and folded his 6-foot frame into another chair on an outdoor patio after casually brushing off a dried bird dropping stuck to it. If only
Auburn said that someone poisoned oak trees at Toomer&rsquo;s Corner, where fans celebrate big wins, and that the trees, which are estimated to be more than 130 years old, could not be saved. Auburn said a herbicide commonly used to kill trees was applied &ldquo;in lethal amounts&rdquo; to the soil. A caller to a radio show claimed he had applied
It&rsquo;s not every day that Max Klimavicius, the owner of Sardi&rsquo;s, personally cuts a customer&rsquo;s filet mignon into bite-size pieces. Then again, not every customer has just won Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show . The chef had cooked the steak until it was medium rare, lightly seasoned it with salt and pepper, then
Camille Richardson has heard all the arguments, read all the comments, and sees the logic. But as a freshman midfielder for the Columbia women&rsquo;s lacrosse team who is fully aware of the dangers of head trauma, Richardson makes one thing clear: She has no interest in wearing a helmet, as the men must. &ldquo;Wearing a helmet,&rdquo; Richardson
The Boston Athletic Association announced new registration procedures for the Boston Marathon in response to the growing demand that will leave some of the fastest runners on the sideline. The field of nearly 27,000 for this year filled up in eight hours. Organizers said the top qualifiers would be allowed to enter first under a two-week, online,
The DVD was sitting in Michael Waltrip &rsquo;s house for nine and a half years while the accident churned inside him. His big sister Connie had recorded every race of his. As soon as the Daytona 500 went off the air that fatal day , she decorated the case with stars and happy faces to commemorate his first Daytona &mdash; his first Nascar Cup
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. &mdash; Dale Earnhardt Jr. crashed during practice at Daytona International Speedway on Wednesday, costing him the pole position for the Daytona 500 on Sunday. Earnhardt captured the pole last Sunday, but he will now have to switch to a backup car. Under Nascar rules, that means he will have to start from the back of the field.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. &mdash; A year after potholes led to embarrassing delays in the Daytona 500, a $20 million repaving job at Daytona International Speedway is helping to create another set of concerns for Nascar &rsquo;s season-opening showcase event. Nascar officials mandated a series of adjustments to the racecars this week, the latest coming
Lance Armstrong , the seven-time Tour de France winner who is the target of a federal investigation into doping in cycling, announced Wednesday that he had retired from his sport &mdash; this time for good. Armstrong, who is 39 and a cancer survivor, said he was leaving to spend more time with his family &mdash; he has five children &mdash; and to
Arsenal stunned Barcelona with a second-half comeback in the European Champions League at Emirate Stadium on Wednesday in London, with the substitute Andrey Arshavin scoring the winner in the 83rd minute in a 2-1 victory. The Gunners were outplayed for most of the first leg of the Round of 16 meeting. The second leg is scheduled to be played on
The Turkish Basketball Federation lifted the provisional suspension of Diana Taurasi on Wednesday after the lab that conducted Taurasi&rsquo;s positive test retracted its report. The lab issued the change after it evaluated Taurasi&rsquo;s statements in her defense. The federation did not say whether the lab made a mistake. Taurasi, 28, who had her
Anna Chakvetadze collapsed on the court as she was serving for the second set against top-seeded Caroline Wozniacki at the Dubai Championships in the United Arab Emirates and had to withdraw. After losing the first set, 6-1, Chakvetadze was ahead, 5-3, when she lost a long rally to Wozniacki, wobbled and fainted. After treatment, Chakvetadze
LOS ANGELES &mdash; So what if the weather on the horizon is as forbidding as the ma&icirc;tre d&rsquo; at Koi glaring at the common people? The specter of three days of rain in Southern California has not deterred the field at Riviera Country Club for the Northern Trust Open. At least, not yet. With 11 of the top 20 players in the World Golf
The Devils rookie Nick Palmieri gave the puck to Ilya Kovalchuk along the Carolina goal line early in the second period of a scoreless game, then got a chance to watch Kovalchuk, a $100 million Russian superstar, put on a show. Kovalchuk skated to the point, reversed direction, went back down to the left circle, hit the brakes to lose defenseman
Kemba Walker had the ball at about the free-throw line and he was being covered by a player 9 inches taller than him. He had quite a list of possible plays in front of him. The one he chose is not on the list of options for almost every other player. Walker faked to his left, then threw the ball hard off the backboard and &mdash; since he was the
Looking nothing like the two-time defending N.B.A. champions, the Los Angeles Lakers dropped their third straight game, a 104-99 loss Wednesday night on the road to the Cleveland Cavaliers &mdash; the league&rsquo;s worst team, which avenged a 55-point embarrassment against Los Angeles last month. Ramon Sessions came off the bench and scored a
The Knicks settled into the All-Star break on Wednesday at nearly the same point where they started the season. Only now they have two more wins than losses. For the Knicks, any progress is significant toward ending a six-year playoff absence. After a 102-90 victory over the Atlanta Hawks at Madison Square Garden, the Knicks (28-26) squeezed into
TAMPA, Fla. &mdash; Joba Chamberlain arrived at the most important spring training of his young career listed at 230 pounds , just as he was all last season. This would not be a problem except that Chamberlain weighs more than 230 pounds, and the Yankees are hardly pleased that he does. Asked Wednesday morning for his impression of Chamberlain,
In late 1999, three friends created a Web site to solicit fans to acquire the Jets . The quixotic effort at one point claimed commitments worth $20 million from 11,000 people. But the N.F.L. rejected the plan, and Woody Johnson paid $635 million for the team in early 2000. On Wednesday, three friends started an Internet bid to acquire the Mets and
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &mdash; Jeff Wilpon, the Mets &rsquo; chief operating officer, spoke to reporters Wednesday for the first time since a lawsuit seeking as much as $1 billion from the team&rsquo;s owners was unsealed on Feb. 4. Wilpon, the son of the longtime principal owner of the Mets, Fred Wilpon , said his family had received many offers to
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &mdash; A contrite Francisco Rodriguez arrived in Mets camp Wednesday and promised that he had learned from his mistakes and had become a better person. At the same time, Rodriguez vowed that in some respects he would not change. &ldquo;On the mound, it&rsquo;s going to be the same,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s going to be
CLEARWATER, Fla. He stood beneath a palm tree on a clear Florida morning, commanding attention as he always has across a lifetime in baseball. Yet the routines of spring training were gone for Dallas Green. There is nothing routine about coping with horror. Christina-Taylor Green was the youngest victim of the shooting in Tucson last month that
JUPITER, Fla. &mdash; In explaining how the St. Louis Cardinals have reached the end of negotiations to extend the contract of Albert Pujols, the team&rsquo;s owner, Bill DeWitt Jr., really did not have to utter much more than one short declarative sentence. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re not the Yankees ,&rdquo; he said after Pujols&rsquo;s self-imposed noon
A day before a scheduled arbitration hearing, the Brewers and second baseman Rickie Weeks agreed to a four-year, $38.5 million deal. A 2015 option could increase the total value to $50 million. Weeks, 28, hit .269 with 29 homers, 83 runs batted in and 112 runs last year. Sports Briefing | Baseball
Hickory the Scottish deerhound is a country dog who prefers to spend her days on a 50-acre farm in Flint Hill, Va., chasing rabbits and deer. But the big city treated her well Tuesday night when she won Best in Show at the 135th annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show , becoming the first Scottish deerhound to win the top prize. &ldquo;She went in
In the hours before a dog competes at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show , tensions can mount as owners and handlers furiously prepare their canine divas for the ring. Hair is blown straight or teased into fanciful poufs. Snouts and paws are daubed with talcum powder. Wayward hairs and whiskers are trimmed with precision. Over by the Labrador
WASHINGTON When he resided in the White House, George H. W. Bush kept his George McQuinn model first baseman glove in his desk drawer. Once, when a gaggle of sports journalists dropped by to talk baseball, he took out the glove and displayed it. After that, it was always comforting to think that this very busy man had the option of pounding his
Chinese skating officials said poor record-keeping was to blame for the latest questions about the age and eligibility of some skaters, including the 2006 Olympic pairs silver medalists Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao. A list of birthdates on the Chinese Skating Association&rsquo;s Web site indicated that the Zhangs, who are not related, and at least six
WASHINGTON &mdash; Late Monday afternoon, Manny Pacquiao and company, lots and lots of company, boarded Acela Express No. 2165 in the belly of Pennsylvania Station. Pacquiao entered his private car (cost: $10,000) flanked by two documentary film crews, promoters, publicists, advisers, his chief of staff and his wife, Jinkee. Amid this scene, one
CBS College Sports will be renamed CBS Sports Network on April 4. The cable channel will keep its focus on college sports, but the new name opens the possibility of televising other events. Formerly known as CSTV, the network was acquired by CBS in 2006 and renamed CBS College Sports Network in 2008. Sports Briefing | Broadcasting
The N.F.L. on Tuesday defended the Carolina Panthers &rsquo; owner, Jerry Richardson, a critical figure in labor negotiations who has come under fire after a player said he spoke dismissively and condescendingly to Peyton Manning and Drew Brees during a recent negotiating session. But with little more than two weeks to go until the c ollective
The Jets placed the franchise tag on linebacker David Harris on Tuesday, the first time the team has used the designation since 2006. Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning , Philadelphia quarterback Michael Vick and Baltimore defensive tackle Haloti Ngata also had the franchise tag applied Tuesday. Guard Logan Mankins was designated New
LONDON &mdash; The Champions League is back in play, and so is the wealth league. It is no accident of timing that the annual review of soccer finances by the accounting firm Deloitte is published as the Champions League resumes. And there is no surprise whatever that 13 of the 16 clubs remaining in the tournament turnover possess the greatest
Some members of the United States military who at one time were based in Germany are turning into inadvertent benefactors of the United States men&rsquo;s national team. The sons of American soldiers and German women &mdash; some of whom grew up in Germany, speak minimal English and hold United States passports &mdash; have had an influence in the
Peter Crouch&rsquo;s goal with 10 minutes left gave Tottenham Hotspur a 1-0 victory at the Serie A leader, A.C. Milan , in the first leg of their Champions League Round of 16 matchup on Tuesday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic thought he scored the tying goal in injury time, but his overhead kick was ruled out for a push on the Spurs&rsquo; Michael Dawson. The
Frans Nielsen scored in a shootout Tuesday and the visiting Islanders beat the Ottawa Senators , 4-3. Michael Grabner scored a short-handed goal for the Islanders and set up Josh Bailey&rsquo;s third-period score. Robbie Schremp had the other goal for the Islanders in the shootout, and goaltender Nathan Lawson, who picked up his first N.H.L.
NEWARK &mdash; The Devils walk past a board with the Eastern Conference standings in their dressing room almost every day. They concede the board is not as pleasant to look at as it has been in other seasons. But they also know that the board will be updated for almost two more months. &ldquo;It will matter at the end of the season where
Dwight Hardy scored 28 points and St. John&rsquo;s rallied in the second half to beat Marquette, 80-68, in Milwaukee on Tuesday night, ending an 11-game losing streak in the series. The Red Storm (16-9, 8-5 Big East) completed a three-game stretch with three wins in six days, having beaten No. 10 Connecticut and Cincinnati. St. John&rsquo;s D. J.
Recent events have made it perfectly clear why it&rsquo;s so much easier to bear college basketball&rsquo;s ethical potholes than college football&rsquo;s: in the end, the politicking and elbow-rubbing and who-knows-how-many-dollars handshakes give way to a tournament that decides a champion. So there can be carnage and chaos in the rankings, No.
GREENBURGH, N.Y. &mdash; Amar&rsquo;e Stoudemire and Al Horford will be teammates Sunday at the All-Star Game in Los Angeles in a mostly friendly and largely ceremonial celebration. But Wednesday&rsquo;s meeting between Stoudemire&rsquo;s Knicks and Horford&rsquo;s Atlanta Hawks takes precedence. It will be the teams&rsquo; first meeting since Jan.
Dwyane Wade dominated the first half, LeBron James and Chris Bosh took over in the fourth quarter and the Miami Heat &rsquo;s star power overcame Indiana&rsquo;s youth and determination. Wade tied a franchise record for most points in a first half with 31, and he finished with 41 to help the Heat defeat the Pacers , 110-103, on Tuesday night in
RYE, N.Y. &mdash; For the coach of the Knicks , the clamor of a high school gymnasium was a welcome diversion from the daily chorus of inquiry that comes with the territory. Here, there were no demands to explain away on-court misfortune or need to deal with the Carmelo Anthony distraction. Here, the responsibility of prepping the team for the next
TAMPA, Fla. &mdash; A. J. Burnett recently moved. Not far, just a few doors down starters row in the Yankees &rsquo; clubhouse, to the corner locker once occupied by Andy Pettitte . The contrast was striking. Where reliability dressed for several years, volatility now hangs his designer T-shirts. &ldquo;I know the cameras are on me,&rdquo; Burnett
He saved Central Park&rsquo;s Wollman Rink and has been vocal about wanting to reopen a restaurant at the Tavern on the Green site. Now it appears that Donald J. Trump , who hails from Queens, has given some thought to trying to bail out the embattled Mets . Trump said Tuesday that he called Fred Wilpon , the Mets&rsquo; principal owner, about two
St. Louis Cardinals Manager Tony La Russa said first baseman Albert Pujols and his representatives were being pressured by the players union during contract negotiations to push for a record contract. Pujols, who can become a free agent after the season, has set a deadline of noon Eastern on Wednesday to reach agreement on a new deal. La Russa said
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. &mdash; The bullpen mound on the minor league side of the Mets &rsquo; facility holds a featured spot on the wall of Jason Isringhausen &rsquo;s parents&rsquo; home in Brighton, Ill. It is the scene for a treasured photograph of their son and Tom Seaver chatting after a workout in spring training, 1999, Isringhausen&rsquo;s
Two Senate Democrats, Frank R. Lautenberg of New Jersey and Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, urged Major League Baseball and the players union to ban smokeless tobacco, like chew and dip. They said in a letter to Bud Selig , the baseball commissioner, and Michael Weiner, the union&rsquo;s executive director, that such products endangered
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. David Wright feels a surge of energy pulsing through the Mets &rsquo; spring training base, a wave of enthusiasm created by the hiring of Sandy Alderson to run the floundering baseball club and Terry Collins to manage its fractious clubhouse. &ldquo;Some fresh air,&rdquo; a smiling Wright said Tuesday before taking the field
TAMPA, Fla. For most of his career, Jorge Posada has held a corner locker in spring training, along the far wall, framed on one side by a pillar and a trunk. The arrangement creates a personal nook, ideal for a catcher with lots of equipment. Yet as Posada got ready Tuesday morning, on the first day of workouts for what might be his final spring
When London was awarded the 2012 Olympics, organizers promised an ambitious legacy: to get two million more people in England involved in sports and physical activity . But with the Games in less than 18 months, that commitment now resembles a wheezing jogger, bent over and winded from a New Year&rsquo;s resolution whose ambition could not be
The three-time Tour de France champion Alberto Contador , cleared on Tuesday by the Spanish cycling federation of doping charges from last summer&rsquo;s Tour, called his exoneration bittersweet. &ldquo;Today is a day of justice, with mixed feelings between joy and sadness for all the damage of recent months,&rdquo; he wrote on his Twitter page,
A look at the day in sports from a soccer field in London to a baseball camp in Phoenix.
A look at the day in sports from a soccer field in London to a baseball camp in Phoenix.
